Manish Reddy: you
Manish Reddy: you
Manish Reddy: you you
Manish Reddy: you
Interviewer: Hi, Manish. So welcome. Today let's discuss a pair of business. How do you approach design?
Interviewer: So welcome today let's discuss a pair of business. How do you approach design?
Interviewer: How do you approach design?
Manish Reddy: What are your core goals that you want to try to achieve here? Thanks for the introduction.
Manish Reddy: achieve here. Thanks for the introduction.
Manish Reddy: Thanks for the introduction.
Interviewer: service. So we want to protect our pack and services from being overhead by a sudden surge in request. Either that those can be malicious or
Interviewer: from being overhead by a sudden surge in requests. Either that, those can be malicious or...
Interviewer: request. Either that those can be malicious or I
Manish Reddy: So this fineness ensures that one heavy user doesn't consume all the resources and impacting the others.
Manish Reddy: all the resources and impacting the others.
Manish Reddy: Okay, that's a good one. So let's assume the requirements issue limit a client to 100 requests per minute. So what architecture layer would
Manish Reddy: client to 100 requests per minute. So what architecture layer would
Manish Reddy: place this logic in and why? Can you briefly explain that one?
Manish Reddy: So, I would place the red limiter in a API gateway or maybe in a dedicated X service. So, this acts as a shield if we put it in an application logic.
Manish Reddy: I would place the red limiter in a API gateway or maybe in a dedicated it service. So this acts as a shield if we put it in an application logic.
Manish Reddy: So this acts as a shield if we put it in a application logic.
Interviewer: and closing the connections or routing to the application. So which defeats the major purpose of here what we are trying to do.
Interviewer: purpose of here what we are trying to do.
Manish Reddy: our main application. That makes sense. Now let's talk about the implementation. There are several algorithms.
Manish Reddy: That makes sense. So now let's talk about the implementation. So there are several algorithms.
Manish Reddy: There are several algorithms.
Manish Reddy: and why. The common ones are like most usually are they like a fixed window, sliding window and sliding window counter. I would select the sliding window counter algorithm.
Manish Reddy: The common ones are like most usually, or like a fixed window, sliding window and sliding window counter. I would select the sliding window counter algorithm.
Manish Reddy: of its window, sliding window and sliding window counter. I would select the sliding window counter algorithm.
Manish Reddy: about algorithm
Interviewer: say that or fix a window counter.
Manish Reddy: by the fixed window